# Question 1
Which of the following software development tasks can an LLM assist with?
- [x] Debugging errors
- [x] Managing dependencies 
- [x] Writing documentation 
- [x] Suggesting packages or algorithms to use to complete a task. 


# Question 2
How could you use your expertise as a software developer to improve the following prompt?

“Write a C# function to find the square root of a number?”


- [ ] Include the number that you want to find the square root of in the prompt
- [ ] Provide the model with the assembly code required to complete this task
- [x] Ask for a method rather than a function since this is the language-specific terminology that C# uses
- [ ] Define square root for the LLM


# Question 3
You are building a data visualization dashboard in Python and working with an LLM to implement to code. Your first attempt at a prompt is the following:

“Write code for a data dashboard in Python.”

Which of the following details could you add to your prompt to improve the output of your pair-coding work?

- [x] Including a sample of the data you want to visualize
- [x] Letting the LLM know which web framework you want to use 
- [ ] Sharing your personal password for accessing the backend database with the LLM 
- [x] Providing a detailed description of what you would like the dashboard charts to look like 



# Question 4
You can trust that the code generated by an LLM will always work exactly as you want it to.
- [ ] True
- [x] False

# Question 5

You are working with an LLM to develop an algorithm to calculate the moving average of a company’s stock price over time. The code that the LLM generates after your initial prompt doesn’t include any error handling. What should you do to get the LLM to include error handling in the code?


- [x] Follow up with a description of the type of error you’d like to handle, for example missing data.
- [ ] Start a new chat with a smarter LLM and try your prompt again
- [x] Follow up with a clear instruction to include error handling in the code
- [ ] Hit the “try again” button on the chatbot interface to resend your prompt and see if the model will include error handling